DM-5344: Documentation for required sigfox permissions (#4446)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/lpwan-bundle/sigfox.md

![Sigfox LPWAN Tab](/images/device-protocols/sigfox/sigfox-lpwan-tab.png)

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> In order to view the relevant LNS connection in the 'Current connection', the user must have at least Sigfox READ permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to view the relevant LNS connection in the "Current connection" field, the user must have at least Sigfox READ permission.
```

> In order to view the relevant LNS connection in the "Current connection" field, the user must have at least Sigfox READ permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to view the relevant LNS connection in the **Current connection** field, the user must have at least Sigfox READ permission.
```

The user is directed to the device registration page where he can perform the re-registration following the steps above and selecting the desired LNS connection.

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> For Sigfox device registration, the user must have the Inventory CREATE or ADMIN permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Sigfox device registration, you must have CREATE or ADMIN permission for the "Inventory" permission type.
```
